#35674: Added system check for deprecated settings variables (#18640)
django/django: docs/ref/checks.txt

  :setting:`CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS` setting must start with a scheme (usually
  ``http://`` or ``https://``) but found ``<hostname>``.

Deprecated settings
-------------------

> * **settings.W001**: Checks the Django settings for used but deprecated
>   variables.

Reviewer: The check as described here in `docs/ref/checks.txt` has to be identical to the one being actually printed in the terminal. This means:
```suggestion
* **settings.W001**: The ``<name>`` setting is deprecated and its use is not recommended.
```
